Jj
Wow.
Look at this big, beautiful,
blue marble of a planet,
filled with billions
of super smart humans.
So smart, they invented satellites.
They also invented pizza,
cutting scissors,
and places where you can go
to the bathroom inside!
For all of their brilliance,
most of them don't know
the one simple thing
that every dog on earth knows...
The secret to being happy.
Whoa-ho-ho!
It's like sticking my head
out the window.
Now, all you need to know
is that this story is
about Ollie and his family
and how they learned to think
more like me,
their impossibly handsome, clever,
uncomplicated...
Happy dog.
Look at my super smart human.
Right now, he's saving the world
with his friend who lives in China.
Does it get any cooler than that?
You want a piece of me?
Wow. It feels so real.
Xiao!
Where are you?
I'm on my way!
Not now, Henry.
Xiao, there's too many of them!
Ugh!
I'm almost there.
Ollie! Get ready for school!
- Wasn't that awesome?
- Thanks.
That's the most fun I've ever had losing.
Ollie, get ready for school.
You can conquer the world later.
Huh. Is there an echo in here?
- Xiao, I gotta go.
- Me, too.
Jj
So, my name's Henry.
- Hey, buddy. What's going on?
- And that's Oliver, my person.
And this is our morning routine.
Want me to scratch your belly? Yeah!
Oh, I love the belly rubs,
and Ollie loves to give them.
What a good boy! What a good boy!
You want your belly scratched!
Something else you should know
about Oliver is,
he's incredibly inventive.
This is one of his more useful inventions.
Pretty cool, huh?
He's pretty smart.
Not like border collie smart, but smart.
The food dispenser, however,
is still in research and development.
Ugh.
That handsome man is Lukas, Ollie's dad.
He's about to drink liquid death,
because he thinks
it'll make him smarter, taller,
thinner, younger,
or, I don't know, blonder.
You can't improve on perfection, Lukas.
Take it from someone who knows!
I love human insecurities.
- Hey, dad.
- Hey.
Fall asleep on the couch again?
Uh... yeah, I was...
I was just reading.
Hey, you want some green goo?
Feed your brain, feed your life?
- No, I'm good.
- No? Ellen?
Feed your brain,
feed your life. Come on.
- No, I'm good.
- It's so good.
Don't think he understands
what good means.
Oh, hey, we got the roofer coming at 6:00
tonight, so we gotta make sure...
Oh, no, remember?
I already told you I can't do that.
- You did?
- Yeah...
That's Ellen, Ollie's mom.
I kinda think of her as my mom, too,
because she's the one
that picked me. I love her.
Yeah, I'm booked at the salon.
I've got cracked heels and chipped nails
out the wazoo.
- What's a wazoo?
- It's your keister.
You know, like junk in the trunk.
A badonkadonk.
It's your Booty.
That thing you drag
on the carpet when it itches?
So, what're we gonna do
about the roof?
I don't know.
Well, I guess I'll have to reschedule.
Do you need me to do it?
Oh, okay, what's that supposed to mean?
Ding! Pop quiz.
What species
never has arguments like this?
- You know what?
- Exactly.
I'll handle it. All good.
So we're good on the roof?
- Yeah.
- Yup.
Okay. Can I go to li's
after the science fair?
- Oh, my god! The science fair, Ollie.
- That's today?
- Science fair's today?
- It's cool, guys.
You're dealing with the roofer error.
Ollie, are you 100% sure that if we don't
come to the science fair,
you're gonna be okay?
I'm fine.
Oh... okay, let's go.
- Bye, dad.
- All right.
- Good luck at the fair!
- Thanks!
Bye, Henry!
Cue opening the 'frig for what he's
actually gonna eat.
But first, as always,
he's gonna try to convince me
that he hasn't already decided.
Yummy life? Long life?
You and I both know
it's the pizza.
Yummy, long? Long, yummy?
Wow. Didn't see that one coming.
Liquid death, or the best triangle-shaped
food of the planet.
And that includes pie.
Jj
Oh, Romeo, Romeo,
wherefore art thou, Romeo?
Deny thy father, refuse thy name.
Or if not, thy will not be sworn my love.
Staring like a psychopath is not
a substitute for asking her to the dance.
"Tis but thy name is my enemy.
Ollie, you need to grow a pair,
and ask her out.
Were he not called Romeo,
- retain the...
- Never mind, you're not ready.
Sophie needs a man.
Preferably,
a Chinese-American man.
Know of any?
Oliver!
But soft!
What light through
yonder window breaks?
It is the east and Sophie
is the brilliant sun.
As enchanting as Sophie is...
She's sitting over there,
by the way...
The character's name is Juliet,
as in Romeo and?
Jj
Stop staring!
Li was more convincing playing Juliet
than you were playing Romeo.
Aww... thank you!
I was being facetious.
Hey, a compliment's a compliment.
Jj
Your experiment's
about reading someone's brain waves?
Not exactly. It's...
It's about amplifying
the electrical disturbances in...
Here's something disturbing for you.
I'm going to crush you
like Edison did Tesla.
Heh.
He got to you, didn't he?
Totally. It sucks being nerds
at a nerd school.
Welcome to the mills school
of science and technology's
15th annual great minds symposium.
And this year, we are honored
to have our benefactor,
the technological pioneering genius,
your hero and mine,
Mr. ram mills.
That's Mr. mills! The Mr. mills!
Okay, okay. Okay.
As I look out at the bright,
beautiful faces
filled with hopes and dreams,
it reminds me of myself
as a young man.
Except the faces were a little darker
and hope was non-existent.
Now, if you wanna make
a positive impact in this world,
you're gonna have
to string together some thoughts.
You're gonna have to lift
your head up from your phones
and listen and learn from each other.
You are the eyes of the future.
You are the minds of the future.
But most of all, you are
the beating heart of the future.
And I want to listen and learn from you!
So, let's see some science!
Our first student, will younger,
has an experiment concerning
electromagnetic energy.
Hi.
An electromagnet
is like a regular magnet,
except with a lot more power.
But it will have no magnetic pull
once the electricity is turned off.
You're a turn-off.
When the electromagnet on my helmet
is charged by the transformer,
it will create enough magnetic energy
to lift me off the ground
to the metal bar above me.
Assistant? Please engage.
Mom!
Don't worry, honey.
Mommy knows what to do.
- Not good.
- No, no, no! No!
Oh my god, honey!
Help!
Hang on, sweetie!
We're gonna get you down!
No! No!
- Leave it!
- Mom!
You pull this, he falls.
Get down here!
On your Mark, get set. Go!
Like each of you, I once took
soccer as an elective.
And I loved it.
And before I knew it,
I got drafted by Miami.
This is a soccer ball, gentlemen.
You're gonna kick the ball
into that net.
Okay?
Pre-visualization is the key.
If you can see it, you can be it.
Okay? Great. All right.
Yes, Rodney?
So... can we use our hands or not?
You can't touch the soccer ball.
- But you're holding it.
- I'm holding it because I'm demonstrat...
You have to kick the ball.
You're gonna kick this ball
into that net. Right?
Right. Okay, good, let's-let's go.
Let's get out there.
What did I... no. No hands.
- Come on, guys.
- Coach Reed.
Hey. Yes, sir.
Hunter Williams,
Springfield university.
More importantly,
big fan from your Miami days.
Oh, thank you.
You got a minute?
Sorry, coach.
Uh, yeah. Yeah, I do.
I wonder what Ollie's up to.
Think about that a lot.
What does Ollie do all day long
when I'm not around?
Must be boring.
Our next student won
last year's science fair
by designing his own
GPS-based dog collar.
Oliver Reed.
- This is the one I was telling you about.
- Great.
Hello, sir.
I practiced this presentation
staring at a poster of you.
So, if you could just be
perfectly still...
And flat.
In 1893, Alexander Graham bell
said that thoughts are formed
by creating electrical currents
or disturbances in the brain.
So, it stands to reason
that if we could amplify
those electrical disturbances,
we should be able to hear
another person's thoughts.
- You're right. This kid is special.
- Who wants to volunteer
to have their thoughts,
one thought, read?
I'll do it.
- Just stay still.
- Okay.
With today's technology,
reading one thought,
just one word, is achievable.
Brayden, please think of a color.
Which one?
Well, if I told you, then I'd know.
Oh, right. Thinking.
Brayden, just focus on the color.
The rest of your mind
needs to be blank.
Jj
- Blue.
- Blue!
It was blue, wasn't it?
Oh, well, not exactly.
What do you mean, not exactly?
I was actually thinking green.
Blue and green
are two different colors, bro.
I think Oliver deserves
a round of applause for a great effort.
No, it's not a great effort.
It works!
This is not an effort! It works!
I can prove it!
It does work!
It's not funny! I know it works!
I tested it!
It was blue!
Wow. Springfield university.
This is... this is big for you.
This is a real college-coaching job.
- That's what you always wanted.
- I know.
Well, they need an answer
by Saturday, so...
By this Saturday?
Because that's fast.
It's only three hours away,
so, you know, I can...
I know.
Where would that leave us?
I don't know.
Where are we now?
Things aren't better. You know that.
You want the job, just take the job.
Hey, this is a decision
we both have to make.
- Hi, baby.
- Hey.
- So, how was the science fair?
- It was fine.
- Are you hungry?
- No.
- Are you okay, Ollie?
- Yep. 'Night.
Well, he's probably just tired.
Yeah, that makes two of us.
I can't believe I blew it
in front of Mr. mills.
I love you too, Henry.
Hey.
- How did the experiment go?
- It didn't go. Nothing happened.
- My calculations were right. I knew it.
- You knew what?
Your home computer cluster
doesn't have the capabilities
to process the brain's
electrical charges.
In order to read minds,
we need a massive processor.
Does Amazon have it?
Be here in two days.
For sure. Or, I could simply
hack into... indium 6!
- Yeah, right.
- Isn't that killer?
Wait, what?
Isn't that killer?
You'd access the world's most powerful
communications satellite?
- Isn't that...?
- No! There's nothing killer about it!
- By access, do you mean...
- Tap right into that bad boy.
Do you have any idea
how much trouble we could be in?
Hey. If you land in juvie,
the very first day there, you beat up the
biggest guy in the joint.
Do that, the next five years
will be a walk in the park.
Oliver! You need to grow a pair!
Why does everyone keep telling me that?
Why does everyone
keep telling me that?
- Are you ready for epic?
- Yeah, but...
Who's gonna wear the transmitter?
Jj
Okay, xiao. I'm all set up.
Still would be better
if we had a human.
- Henry's human enough for me.
- Okay, fine.
Maybe Henry's limited brain will work.
Connecting you to indium 6.
Limited brain?
Typical two-legged reaction
when faced with a superior intellect,
such as mine.
Almost there.
Pairing in three...
Two...
One!
Oliver? Oliver!
Jj
Uh, Ollie, I can taste my own tongue.
Should that be a thing?
Oliver!
Is it hot? 'Cause I think
my hair is on fire.
Jj
Mm.
Must've been
a power outage last night.
I think Ollie's still sleeping,
so I'm gonna write him a little note.
Okay.
Are you enjoying your pizza?
- Yeah.
- Mm.
Do you wanna talk about last night?
- About the coaching job?
- Hmm... not really.
- We should talk before Saturday, though.
- Yeah. We will, I promise.
Best night's sleep ever.
Memory foam is no joke.
I will not soon forget... wait.
Why is Ollie sleeping on my shame pillow
in the corner like an animal?
Did we freaky Friday last night?
Am I a person?
I am not learning algebra
and I am not wearing pants!
No! Still got four paws
and a hypoallergenic coat.
Well, another amazing day.
Wake up happy, stay happy.
Go to sleep happy.
Jj
It worked.
I wish this door did.
- This is amazing!
- What's amazing?
Last night, completely dejected.
This morning, near psychotic with glee.
Teenagers. Am I right?
- I better go check on him, though.
- Henry?
I-I-I can hear
what you're thinking!
- He can't be hearing what I'm thinking.
- Yes, I can, Henry!
- Okay, what's two plus two?
- Four.
- What's frozen water called?
- Ce.
- Why would a person own a cat?
- They're adorable.
Wrong, they're evil.
But you can hear what I'm thinking!
I know! It's insane!
Whoo! You know what, Ollie?
You're gonna get every prize
that's ever been given!
Maybe they'll give me a prize.
Ollie, we're gonna get prizes!
You taste like a genius.
The satellite is so powerful,
it renders full sentences in real time!
It's amazing! And itchy.
- Can you get this thing off my head?
- Oh, of course.
Yesterday, incredible.
Today, spectacular!
Tomorrow, whoo...
- So, are you down?
- Down for what?
Haven't you been listening?
I'm right in front of you
and you choose to ignore me?
Wait. Hold the bone.
Are we married?
- Wait a second.
- And now you're interrupting me.
Yeah, that confirms it.
The satellite paired the signal
from your transmitter
directly to the positive charge
in my brain!
I have no idea what that means.
- And I still gotta pee.
- Okay, let's go.
It works! It works! Yeah!
Yes! The dog talks!
Yeah! Yes!
How long has it been? I feel like
I haven't seen you in forever.
I know, girl, I know.
I do not like it when my kids get
in the way of my beautification process.
So, Jasmine, what do you want today?
I want to look like you.
You should've seen your face!
Now, why would I wanna
look like you, hmm?
What does your man grab onto?
There is no junk in the trunk.
Hey, I got a badonkadonk.
- Is Lukas still asking about me?
- Constantly.
Mm-hmm. How's he doin'?
Uh... we're in, like,
a little bit of a slump.
Okay, what's goin' on?
We used to ignite each other
and that's, um...
It's-it's faded a little.
- We're thinking about separating.
- No!
But you guys seem
so great together. Like, solid.
- Did he cheat on you?
- No.
- You cheatin' on him?
- Well, then what happened?
- Life?
Huh.
Well, do you think he'd cheat with me?
Probably.
Jj
Okay, people, listen up.
Intel has just received
a computer notification
from satellite indium 6.
This is a level 2 cyber-attack.
If indium 6 is compromised,
we're looking at a collapse
of the banking industry
and loss of cell service nationwide.
Total chaos.
Sir? 1-6 has been breached.
This is now a level 1.
This is bad, right?
I can't believe this is happening!
Why? We go
to the park all the time.
Oh! You meant
the hearing-my-thoughts thing.
Sorry. My bad.
But listen, you can't tell anybody.
- Why not?
- Because until now,
this has only happened in the movies
or the minds of the criminally insane.
Dude, how did you not know
what "wazoo" means?
You've been able to understand me
this entire time?
- Of course.
- So you're telling me
that all dogs can understand all humans.
Duh. But you can't tell anybody.
- Now, don't embarrass me in the park.
- What?
Look, if I drop a deuce,
don't pick it up right away.
If you sculpted a masterpiece
and I immediately covered it
with a plastic bag,
- how would you feel?
- Sorry.
Oh, and dogs like fetch.
But the fake-out?
- Not cool.
- I thought it was funny.
Funny, how? Funny like I'm a clown?
Like I'm here to amuse you?
I pretend to throw.
You run, stop, walk in circles.
Ha-ha. You think that's funny?
Take a look at Debbie.
With every fake-out,
she erodes the bonds of trust
between canines and humans.
- She's a monster.
- Where'd the ball go?
Dogs. Hate. That.
I won't do it again.
Cool. Ugh!
Look at the four young blondes.
Ted's fan club.
- And they say size doesn't matter.
- Who's Ted?
Oh, just Mr."I got it going on
and I'll be the first
to tell you about it."
- What's so special about him?
- Nothing!
Unless you're into the tall,
dark and handsome thing.
A perfect body with smoldering eyes,
a Don juanesque mystique,
and oh, yeah, he's an actor.
- He's an actor?
- Yeah, and such a good one, too.
Does all his own stunts.
Last year, he jumped a motorcycle
onto a moving school bus.
It was breathtaking!
I hate him.
I'm surprised dogs can feel jealousy.
He jumps motorcycles!
I'm surprised you're not jealous of him.
Did I mention his owner
is that redheaded kid, Nicholas,
who's always picking on you at school?
The one who lives
in that big, white house.
Okay. I got you. Check this.
Hey, Ted! You want the ball?
Go get it.
Yeah, I get it.
I get it now. It is funny.
I didn't know dogs could laugh.
Of course we can laugh.
It's people that can't see the subtle
differences in our expressive faces.
Check it. This is my laughing face.
My serious face.
- My hungry face.
- Oh, wow.
My "despite 10,000 years of domestication,
I'm still a wild animal
capable of unspeakable violence" face.
- It's like one face fits all.
- Bonjour, frenchie.
You're lookin'trés bien, mon chérie.
That was all the French I know.
Hang on. She's here.
- Oh. My. God.
- I know.
That's what I've been telling you.
- She's...
- Stunning.
- Yes, and she's...
- Extraordinary in every way.
- I know. And she...
- Takes your breath away.
- I know.
- Those big, beautiful eyes.
- That shiny, wet nose.
- What?
That nose, hand-carved by god,
floating effortlessly
in a sea of apricot waves.
- Are you talking about the poodle?
- Who are you talking about?
The girl on her left!
That's Sophie.
Wait, Sophie? The Sophie?
The Sophie you wanna ask
to the dance Sophie?
Yes. You know her dog?
Smelled everywhere she's ever been.
Now, let's lose the leash
and meet the girls.
Okay.
Even Ted's pee smells handsome!
- I hate him.
- I'm nervous.
Just gotta face your fears!
- Are you insane?
- Excuse me?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
You're sane, totally sane.
Okay. Okay.
Recognizing her sanity is...
It's not wrong. It's pathetic.
Now, check out how it's done,
doggie style.
Hey, are you a parking ticket?
Because you have fine
written all over you.
Be gentle!
- No, I... you've somewhere to be.
- He's very scary.
I get it.
- What's his name?
- This is Henry.
- Ask her to the dance.
- No.
- Oh. Ask her if she works at Starbucks,
- Stop it!
Because you like her a latte.
Oh, no.
She's serpentining his legs.
His long, athletic legs.
I wanna puke.
Jj
We're receiving snippets
of encoded transmissions.
Stream it.
Jj
It's time to drop one.
Seeking target.
- Target acquired.
- What are they planning to hit?
- The white house.
- Oh, my god.
Dropping payload.
Nothing
like a good revenge poop.
Take that, Ted.
Hey, Ollie. They say revenge
is best served cold.
But I think soft and steaming
is much better. Don't you?
What're you doing?
No, no, no, no, no.
Ted lives here.
Please [eave jt.
I wanna see his face
when he comes home.
My revenge!
We've been able to trace
the point of origin,
the ip and the physical coordinates
of the hacker.
Munoz, Callen, pack your bags.
Pack our bags?
Shotgun!
Jj
Uh-huh. Yeah,
I'm looking it over right now.
We're still talking it over
with the family and...
Well, I should have an answer
to you by Saturday.
Example 9,058. Why being a dog
is better than being a person.
Dogs don't have to have "a very serious
phone conversation."
No, it's not about the money,
it's about my son.
Moving three hours away from him
is kind of a big decision.
Wait, what?
Hey, hey, Ollie.
Pause the virtual,
come back to reality.
Check this out.
I think there's a chance
we might be moving.
Hey, El, did you see that brochure,
that Springfield brochure that I was...
- Are we moving?
- Um...
Uh, we were gonna talk to you about that.
We're not going anywhere, okay?
Daddy just got a job offer out of town.
So, dad, you're moving away?
Look, we haven't decided
anything for sure.
For sure?
Well, what's to decide about?
Are you guys splitting up?
Ollie, it's complicated.
Look, we're gonna go
through everything with you.
No! I wanna know now.
Are you? Are you?!
You know things haven't been perfect
between your mom and I.
I thought you were working on it.
We were, we are. It's just sometimes...
I don't understand.
I thought things got better.
- They were. They are.
- It doesn't sound like that.
Look, we've got a few days
to decide, okay?
I just didn't wanna scare you
before we knew what was real.
It sounds pretty real to me!
I thought we told each other everything.
Why did that have to change?
Ollie!
Jj
Ollie, can I come in?
Ollie, let's talk for a minute. Come on.
Ollie, we're a team.
I got your back.
Look, I know
this is scary and confusing.
It is for me too, buddy.
Why didn't I know?
Why didn't anyone tell me?
- It's not fair.
- You're right, it's not fair.
I should have told you.
We should have told you.
But we didn't because...
We didn't wanna tell you
before we knew for sure exactly...
Before what?
Before I woke up and my dad was gone,
and we're not a family anymore?
- Look, we're always gonna be a family.
- No, we won't.
Yes, we will.
Everything is gonna work out, okay?
Even if I live in a different house,
your mom and I love you
more than anything on planet earth.
And that is never, ever gonna change.
I believe that you believe that, but...
I'm not sure that I do.
Scoot over, would you?
Jj
It's gonna be fine, kid.
Everything's gonna be okay.
What's the matter with your neck?
I got a pinched nerve.
Mm.
Oh, my god!
Callen! Are you insane?
Are you in pain?
No, it's gone.
How did you...
Well, my mother suffered
from chronic back pain.
It broke my heart, so I flew
to China and attended
the Beijing university
of Chinese medicine.
You went to university in Beijing?
Well, I'd spent almost a year
in Shanghai learning the language first.
You speak Chinese?
My mother's been pain free
for 25 years, by the way.
Thanks for asking.
Jj
Henry? I'm scared. Ry
me too.
Wait, what are we scared about?
- Divorce.
- Why is that bad?
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
Dogs don't have divorce.
I've heard the word before,
but I don't get the concept.
It's the worst thing
that could happen to a family.
It's the end.
It means nothing will ever be the same.
Wait. Will they send me
back to the store?
Henry, no matter where I am,
that's where you'll be.
Because best friends stick together.
Wait, what?
- I'm your best friend?
- Yeah.
You and I have been inseparable
since I was six.
- We're a team.
- Oh! We are best friends!
Do you know how long I have waited
to hear you say that?
Forty-two years.
Well, 42 in dog years.
But it is true what the old dogs say.
The second half is the better half!
Woo! Whoa.
How do I jump this high? Friendship.
You. Me. Mano a mano.
- Ollie, we are gonna save this family.
- How?
You see this hypoallergenic tail?
Really, Ollie? You choose
to ruin a nice moment like this
with a really bad allergy joke?
At least you could have the decency
to cover your mouth like this
so you don't spread any germs.
There's no such thing
as a cold-and-flu season...
- Henry?
- Yeah?
Saving our family?
Oh. Yeah. Okay, right.
As I was saying, see this tail?
Wag don't lie.
I'm always happy.
You know why that is?
And before you say
it's because I'm charming and eloquent...
Thank you, by the way.
That is so sweet.
- Sure.
- That's not it.
I'm always happy
because I can pee anywhere
I want, which is awesome.
I got a roof over my head,
and I got a family that loves me.
What else could I possibly need?
Oh, oh! Remember when we lived
in that tiny house
- and dad had that beat-up rv?
- Yeah.
We were happy because we had
everything we needed...
Each other.
See, when humans grow up,
they start to focus on the wrong things
and forget about what matters.
Ollie, what are
the two most important things in life?
- Uh...
- Close! But wrong.
Love and family. That's it.
It's simple. Dogs are simple.
We don't complicate things
like humans do.
- What are you saying?
- Really?
You're supposed to be the smart one.
I'm saying we need to help
mom and dad
get back to that tiny house
with the beat-up rv.
Simple life, happy life.
We need to teach mom and dad
how to think like a dog.
Henry!
- It's perfect.
- I know.
- I love you, Henry.
- I'm loveable.
This is gonna work!
We're gonna save our family.
Hi, cutie. I made you
your favorite breakfast.
- Eggs in a hole!
- You made breakfast?
Yeah!
Hey, I was thinking
that maybe tonight, after school,
- we could go out and see...
- Tonight?
We never go out on a school night.
Maybe we should!
Why did you and dad
stop loving each other?
Mm... baby, we do love each other...
Then why are you splitting up?
It's hard to explain.
Ollie, we are a family
that loves each other.
Nothing can break that bond. Ever.
Okay.
- I love you.
- I don't wanna be late.
- Okay.
- Can you save this for me?
- Mm-hmm.
- Bye, baby.
- Bye, mom.
- Bye, Henry!
- Bye, best friend!
Jj
Well, if you do decide
to sell this house,
you will be looking at multiples.
Sell this house?
The roof over our head?
Well, do you think maybe
we should spruce things up a little bit?
No, I wouldn't worry about that, Ellen.
- Most people will just gut the interior.
- What, I'm sorry?
Gut it? Like, just throw away
all the work that we've done here?
Oh, yeah, people do it all the time!
People like new stuff.
Well, I can see I'm gonna have to nip
this lady's dream
of a commission in the bud.
- So Oliver doesn't know?
- No. It's a lot for him to handle.
It's a lot for all of us to handle and...
She doesn't care.
- Oliver?
- Yes?
Hi, Oliver, I'm Bridget.
I work with Mr. mills.
- Look at that, just like a grown-up.
- Nice to meet you.
I hope you don't mind
I pulled you out of class.
No. Is Mr. mills here?
Virtually. But he did want me to tell you
how impressed he was with your experiment.
In fact, he said that you reminded him
of himself when he was your age.
- Really? He-he did?
- He did.
He wanted me to give you this.
Should be hitting the market
in about eight months.
On.
Hey, Oliver.
Listen, I'm so sorry I couldn't be there
fo give this to you in person,
but I'm about to give the keynote speech
at the tech summit in China.
So, please accept our latest xm quantum
book with my compliments.
And remember,
great minds need great tools.
- Thank you so much, Mr. mills.
- Oliver.
That's the virtual part, remember?
Oh, right. Thank you.
You have an extraordinary mind, Oliver.
Thanks, but I can't take all the credit.
My friend xiao is crazy smart
with computers.
Really? Tell me about him.
Jj
Hello, xiao. Mr. mills here.
Good to see you.
I've become quite impressed with the work
you're doing with Oliver Reed
and I'd like to virtually invite you
to be my personal guest
at the tech summit in China.
Please accept our latest xm quantum book
with my compliments.
Mr. mills.
You are my hero.
You are my super-hero!
Wow!
Ollie. Here, check this.
- Wedding video?
- Yep, that's right.
Where did you get this?
Mom was digging
through some boxes
and when she saw this,
she started to cry.
So I figured it was important.
Ladies and gentlemen,
it's my great pleasure
to introduce for the first time
as husband and wife,
Ellen and Lukas Reed!
Ugh! Why do you guys kiss? It's gross.
Why do you guys sniff each other's butts?
- It's grosser.
- Ollie...
Why do you let a butt-sniffing dog
lick your face?
Top that, sucker!
Okay. All joking aside,
I highly recommend
the butt-sniffing thing.
You'd be surprised
at what one can learn about a person
with one quick whiff.
Huh. What song is this?
Mom says it's "their song,"
whatever that means.
Pause. Hit pause.
- That's the look!
- What look?
The love look.
It's the look two people share
when they're truly in love.
Wait a second.
We gotta remind them of that feeling!
We gotta play them that song!
- And make them share that look again!
- How?
Oh! Genius! Ollie, the dance,
it's tomorrow night, right?
- Yeah, but how do we get them...
- You grow a pair, invite Sophie,
guarantee mom and dad
are gonna show up.
How'd you get so smart, Henry?
You smell as many butts as I have,
you tend to pick up a few things.
- Ha!
- Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to the 2019
tech summit in China.
It is my pleasure to introduce
our keynote speaker,
Mr. ram mills!
Jj
Confucius,
Lao-tze, the founder of taoism,
zou yan, the founder of naturalism,
zhao mendong,
the list goes on and on.
All these great minds had
one thing in common.
They all loved chocolate.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
They had two things in common.
Their ideas were born out of the perfect
alignment of body, mind and spirit.
In 1893, Alexander Graham bell
said thoughts are formed
by electrical disturbances in the brain.
Now, imagine using technology
to amplify those thoughts
before the ego has a chance
to manipulate them.
Imagine a day being able to extract
that perfect alignment,
that purity of thought.
Ladies and gentlemen,
that day was not yesterday.
That day is today!
I'm so sorry. That took much
longer than I thought.
I threw in that "purity of thought" stuff
for your benefit.
Sir?
Well, the work you're doing
with Oliver Reed.
It'll enable mankind to effortlessly
communicate without speaking.
It's the reason
I first got into this business.
I'm not sure I follow.
My mother had a stroke
while giving birth.
I was never able to hear her voice.
So, I've had a dream that one day,
through science and technology,
I'd finally be able to hear her,
understand her thoughts,
understand her feelings.
Although both my parents are healthy,
they behave as if they were mute.
They talk, but they don't communicate.
Mr. mills.
What good is having a voice
if you don't speak your truth?
Thank you for sharing that.
You are a bright young man, xiao!
Oh, thank you, sir.
But my dad thinks I'm wasting my life.
Oh, that's okay. Just be patient.
Takes a while for people
to understand a visionary.
Trust me. He'll come around.
- Can I give you one piece of advice?
- Of course!
Don't share your ideas with anyone.
With anyone.
Twelve years ago,
I told my friend Steve
about this phone that I invented
that can also play music.
We both know
what happened with that.
I can assure you, there are people
watching you right now.
Why? Why me?
Because you're about
to shake up the world!
You need anything, you only come to me.
I've got a couple of billion dollars'
worth of resources.
All you have to do is ask.
Just promise me one thing.
Of course.
Keep doing what you're doing,
so no other child will have
to suffer the way we did.
Jj
Hey, Mr. mills, it's you! Mr. mills!
Sophie?
Nothing would make me happier
than having the pleasure of your company...
Cut! Ugh!
How did that feel to you?
Frenchie feels, and I agree,
it just didn't sound like you.
Felt derivative. Let's run it again.
- I can't do this.
- Can't do what, Ollie?
Save our family?
You know what?
Let's just forget my entire brilliant plan
because you're too nervous
to talk to a girl.
Sound good? That's a wrap, everyone!
You've got one more day
to ask Sophie to the dance.
I believe in you.
- You are ready to go off-leash.
- You think?
I know. And there's another thing I know.
That's checkmate, sucka!
All this winning makes me thirsty!
- Have I ever beaten you?
- At chess? No.
At the 100 yard dash? Again, no.
But I'm sure there must be...
Oh, hang on. Still thirsty.
There must be something
that humans are better at than dogs.
Oh! Are there any contests to see
who has the worst sense of smell?
You guys would be shoo-ins for that.
Now, listen. Starting tomorrow,
you say what you feel
and you speak from your heart,
no matter what.
Okay.
I promise, if you do that,
Sophie will say yes,
mom and dad will show up, and voila!
Let them hear you bark!
This house is so small, I gotta stick
my head out to change my mind.
- We'll fix that.
- Don't say fix to a dog.
Not cool.
Hey!
I've just met with mills.
I'm scared people know
about our satellite connection.
- Who knows?
- Not sure.
But mills warned me to be
very, very careful.
We need to shut down the link.
- No, we can't.
- We have to!
My parents are deciding if they're gonna
split up or not in two days.
I need Henry to help me fix this.
Henry? How can he help?
Adults are complicated,
but Henry's simple.
Your face is simple.
I just mean he has a simple view of life,
a better view. Xiao, please.
I can't let my family split up.
Please, just 24 hours
and then I promise I'll make this right.
I'll confess. I'll do whatever I need to.
You've got one day, but that's it.
So this house
isn't officially on the market,
but I know people, and these people
are getting a divorce.
This house could be yours!
That's great news!
- Honey, are you okay?
- Oh, my gosh!
No hard feelings, I hope.
It's nothing personal.
Scratch that, it's totally personal.
- Are you okay?
- She's fine. She's fine.
Okay, great.
Wait 'til you see this kitchen.
It's amazing. It's really beautiful.
Well.
- What is that smell?
- What smell?
That's the smell
of zero commission.
Oh, that smell.
Ugh!
Well, that's the kitchen.
Isn't it pretty? It's bright...
Do you wanna see the backyard?
Well, they're still in the kitchen.
Hey, do you remember that time
Ollie was riding his bike
and he fell off
and he banged up his knee?
Yeah. Remember what he said?
He was like, "I'm not gonna cry!"
He was a tough kid.
Still is.
Tell me that he's gonna be okay.
He's gonna be fine.
Okay? We're just gonna keep loving him
just like we always have.
No matter what.
I'm sorry, Ellen, I just...
I feel like I could've done better.
We both could have.
I love you.
Wait! Wait!
No, no! I forgot to give you my card!
What light through yonder window breaks?
It is the east and...
Oliver, don't forget the character's name
is Juliet, not Sophie.
I tell you what.
You could say the actual words,
or blurt out whatever you're thinking.
Okay. Here's what I'm thinking.
How many of you understand this play?
- I mean, really get it?
- No.
Do you understand it?
- Of course I do. I'm teaching it.
- Are you?
Oh!
I don't think anyone here really gets it.
Well, the material
might have more meaning to you
if you took the time to actually study it.
Or if you took the time
to actually explain it.
You know, teach it to us.
So we can appreciate its meaning.
- Shall I continue?
- I think so. In the principal's office.
- All right, Oliver!
- Go, Oliver!
Yeah!
Wait!
- What's our cover?
- I got this.
- Just follow my lead.
- What?
Hi! You must be
Mr. and Mrs... Masculine?
- Did I pronounce that correctly?
- Close!
My name is bailarin masculino.
And this is my wife, fauna flora.
She does not speak english,
but she is a dancer.
And when she dances,
she speaks the language of love.
Venga aqui.
Oh, okay.
So, this is their son's room.
If there was ever a room
for a baby dancer, this would be it.
Distract her. I'll do recon.
My wife, she love the house.
I must speak with you.
Oliver! Oliver!
That was the most amazing thing
I've ever seen.
- What's gotten into you?
- I don't know.
I guess I just wanted to say
what I was really thinking for once.
Well, you should do it more often,
because everybody's talking about it.
- Seriously?
- Are you kidding me?
You're like a legend!
And there will be spillover cred.
And I'll be by your side,
so your spillover will spill over to me
hi, li. Hey, Oliver.
Li's me. You know my name?
Of course. You played Juliet in class.
It's happening. It's already happening!
The spillage is real!
See you later, li.
Oliver, what you said in class
is exactly what I've been thinking.
That was really brave.
Well, gotta go.
- Sophie?
- Yes, Ollie?
Sophie...
Would you please
go to the dance with me?
I would love to.
See you tonight, Romeo.
Hey, Oliver. You got a minute?
I guess.
Nicholas paid me to tank your experiment.
- Seriously?
- Yeah. Listen, man.
I've felt like crap since the fair.
And then after you stood up
to Ms. shackley,
well, dude, you deserve to know the truth.
Thanks.
Are you gonna tell Nicholas
that I told you?
Nope. It wouldn't be cool, would it?
See you at the dance, man.
Yes, you will.
- So, you wanted to talk to me?
- Yes.
Your eyes, they are so sad
because you have not been loved
the way an angel like you
should be loved.
Okay...
Don't speak. Don't think.
Follow.
Does this thing turn on?
Hey, Oliver.
Listen, I'm so sorry I couldn't be there
fo give this to you in person,
but I'm about to give the keynote speech
at the tech summit in China.
- Nice.
- Honey, it's time to go.
- Oh.
- Wait.
- I thought she didn't speak english!
- She's a fast learner! Nice house!
Wait! I forgot to give you my card!
Jj
From a rooftop in Beijing
to an oil rig in the Alaskan Gulf,
we are bound by the thirst for knowledge.
Mills lab's new xm quantum book
will give you access to anything
you can imagine faster than...
Well, faster than you can imagine it.
Cut!
Oh, xiao.
Oh, man!
This was so freaking cool.
- Well, I am so glad to see you.
- Me, too.
Tell me, how long have you been
a bicycle delivery boy?
How did you know that?
I know stuff. Come on.
You were so right, Henry.
I did what you said.
In class, I spoke from the heart,
and it felt amazing!
- Well, duh.
- I've never felt this-this grown up.
Pretty soon you'll be shaving,
driving, kissing girls...
Still gross.
Oh! Henry, um...
When you said dogs don't have divorce,
- do they have marriage?
- Nothing official.
We do more of a common law thing.
- What about family?
- Family we have, and love we have.
But once you're family,
you are always family.
And that never changes.
Okay, pop quiz. What are
the two most important things in life?
Love and family. Oh!
And peeing wherever you want,
which is awesome.
- Do you actually?
- Oh, my god.
- Are you messing with me?
- It works.
That doesn't really make sense.
So, you ready for this?
You gonna get the 'rents
to the dance?
Yep. Both at the same time.
They'll be coming at exactly 9:30.
And the dj's on board? He'll have the song
cued up and ready to play?
- Done.
- Impressive.
Oliver Reed, you are ready
fo live off-leash!
Thanks, Henry. I love you, too.
Now, if you wanna look sharp
for the dance,
you go with that tasty blue number
with the dots.
- You mean this one?
- Bingo.
Stylin'.
You know, one of the things
that I love about your country
is you guys can use an app
to pay for everything.
- Yeah...
- You don't even need to use cash.
Can you show me how that works, please?
Sure. It's simple.
You just need to...
What is this?
What did you do?
It's nothing. Look, I more than anyone
know how difficult it is starting out.
I just wanted to make it
a little easier for you.
Mr. mills, I don't know what to say.
When you and Oliver achieve your goal,
you won't have to say anything.
I'll already know what you're thinking.
Sir, without Oliver,
none of this could be possible.
Oliver created this technology
for his family.
You cannot buy that.
Excuse me.
Jj
- Bridget. Go.
- Sir, it works. It's real.
I don't know how, but he did it.
Do you know what it'd mean if...
When I get my hands on this technology?
You'll get another island?
A bigger yacht?
Oh, simple, simple, Bridget.
For once, just try to think like a genius.
With this technology,
I'll know exactly
what my competitors are thinking.
Every brilliant idea will be mine.
I'll have a monopoly on knowledge.
Sir, that-that does have
a nice ring to it.
Okay, I'm going to have to pay
Oliver and his talking dog a little visit.
Oh, and good job, simple Bridget.
Expect something special
for your bonus this year.
How 'bout mills labs? Mm?
Jj
- Yes?
- Great recon, munoz.
That laptop's proved invaluable.
Thank you, sir.
Intel have informed us
that mills has transferred $100,000
into the bank account of a potential
operative in Beijing.
The FBI have been notified.
Good work, munoz.
Does this mean we have corroboration?
We have corroboration.
This is Jason bourne stuff,
and I'm Matt Damon!
That's so you.
Make way for the total package!
Brains, personality, and good looks!
Oh, and Ollie, too.
- Wow, you look cute!
- Whoa! Look at you!
- Somebody's handsome.
- Thanks.
- You don't think I look a little...
- Gorgeous?
- No, just kinda...
- Irresistible?
Well, that is what I'm going for.
Oh!
You know how you always say
that we can learn so much
from observing someone else's behavior?
- Yeah. Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
I think we can learn a lot
from observing Henry.
Maybe not right now.
Oh, a little privacy, please.
But, haven't you noticed
how he seems happy, like, all the time?
Dogs always seem happy.
- Because they are!
- Jinx.
Henry and I were just talking.
- Zip it.
- And he talked back?
Nix-nay on the alking-tay.
Remember? Criminally insane?
Never mind. The point is, they're happy
because they appreciate
the simple things in life.
The important things,
like love and family.
They don't complicate life
the way people do.
I am impressive.
I can appreciate the sentiment, Ollie,
but when you get older,
life just isn't that simple.
- But it can be.
- Sell it, my brother.
See, people are always
so busy searching for a better life,
they forget about the great one
they already have.
Oh! Look what I found under my bed.
We had some great trips in that thing.
Well, I don't wanna be late for the dance.
You're a closer.
Wait, baby, do you want a ride?
Mom, it's six blocks. I'd rather walk.
Plus, I could use the time
emotionally preparing for my...
- Date.
- Boom! Nailed it!
- What?
- When did that happen?
- Earlier today.
- Who's the lucky girl?
Her name's Sophie. And get this...
She likes me for me.
Well, yeah. I mean...
I don't wanna be late.
I hear girls like punctuality.
You know what else they like?
Confident dancers.
Dad, no, please, please stop.
That, right there,
that makes me proud to be a dog.
- I will never unsee that.
- Oh, god.
- I'm just telling you.
- I get it.
- I should really go.
- All right, hotshot.
- Call me and I'll come get you.
- Or me.
- You know, whatever you want.
- Just... call me.
- Okay.
- My work here is finished.
- I love you guys.
- I love you, too.
- I love you.
- Henry, come on.
Ollie, pro tip. Don't dance like dad.
- We make a good team, Henry.
- It's how best friends roll.
That was some Dr. Phil,
Cesar millan-type stuff.
Where did all that wisdom come from?
You, Henry! You!
Right, I know. Just checkin'.
It's funny how your life can change
in just two days.
- Hey, who are you?
- No!
- Let him go! Ollie!
- Hey!
Let me go! What's happening?
Let us out!
Let us out right now!
Right now!
Jj
You're lucky I didn't bite you.
- Mr. mills?
- Nice to see you again, Oliver.
Oh, looky here.
Eccentric billionaire
lounging in an airplane hangar.
An alluring bond girl?
Not weird at all!
- What are you doing here?
- Felony kidnapping.
I wanted to talk to you
about your technology.
Are you hungry?
Wait. What?
No one said there'd be shacks.
No, actually, I have to get to...
School dance. Yeah. I know. Ahem.
How did you know that?
I know stuff.
Why are you...?
Ollie, the guy
in the tj Maxx suit has a gun.
- Really?
- I may be wrong.
It could be men's wearhouse.
I think I can make a break
for the door and go get help.
Just let me know when.
We don't wanna tip them off,
so maybe you can give me
some kind of subtle sign.
Maybe you could scratch
your elbow or touch your nose, wiggle...
- Now!
- That works. Bye!
- Get the dog!
- Henry!
Henry, go! Run!
Don't kill him!
- I need him!
- Henry!
- Move!
- Henry, run!
Move!
You sure you're not hungry?
Boy, I wish that airplane hangar
was closer to home!
Woo! I really need to up my cardio.
Okay, this is big.
This is a big, serious situation
and I can't do it alone.
I need help. I need a dog, or two.
I need three do... I need all...
I need my dogs!
Frenchie! Drop the macaroons
for two seconds
and come to the window.
My human's in trouble
and I need your help to save him.
How should I know?
It's your house. Try the back door!
Henry, he's your best friend.
You have to be willing to do
anything to save him.
Anything. Even this.
Ted! Can I talk to you for a second?
It's important!
Okay, my human is in trouble
and I need your help.
Oh, didn't know you were having
an awesome party.
[I don't care!
Shut up! I need your help!
Meet me around the corner
in 30 seconds. Please.
Skittles!
Skittles, it's Henry! It's go time.
I need your help now!
Jj
Sit.
Hey. Does anyone have
a stinging, searing pain
that is like lightning through your spine
and it's cooking your hind quarters?
Yeah, me neither.
Jj
Hello?
Hello? Can you hear me?
Anyone? Hello? My name is xiao.
Three days ago, I hacked
into indium 6, and I'm very sorry.
I'm telling you this 'cause I think
my friend, Oliver Reed, is in trouble.
Mr. ram mills
is after Oliver's technology.
I fear for Oliver's safety.
I'm going to send you the coordinates
of a piece of Oliver's technology...
A GPS dog collar.
If you track the collar,
you'll find Mr. mills.
You think you know me? Huh?
You have no idea.
I ook at me.
I would do anything
to acquire this technology.
Anything.
So now...
Ttell me how you did it.
Never running again. This is it.
After today, I walk everywhere.
Come on, there's a rear entrance this way.
Get up!
Henry!
You think your stupid little animal
is gonna save you?
Huh?
Jj
Guys, guys, guys!
All right, all right!
That's enough! That's enough!
Dude's trapped.
He can't escape, and he knows ft.
Great work, everybody.
Now just hold him there
while I go talk to Ollie.
Ollie, go to the dance.
Ted and I will handle this fool.
- You're not gonna...
- Kill him? No.
Maybe 15,000 years ago,
when we were wolves.
But we're domesticated now.
We're gonna humiliate him.
- You cool with that?
- Actually, yes.
Cool. Stick to the plan.
Sophie, parents, song.
- You got this.
- Okay.
- Thanks, Henry.
- Go.
I'll be there in 20 minutes!
For only two legs, that kid is fast!
Jj
What are you looking at?
Look away!
Where are you, you disgusting animal?
Don't you dare think of it.
Don't you dare!
Take a whiff of that, fart face!
Jj
Ollie!
Sophie!
- You came! Are you okay?
- I think so.
I just got kidnapped by Mr. mills.
He was choking me,
and Ted, Henry
and a bunch of other dogs came in
and they rescued me.
Oliver, you are so funny. I love it.
I'm not joking.
Jj
Callen, munoz.
We've had direct satellite video
contact with the hacker.
We're trusting him as an ally.
Sending you the coordinates of mills.
He's heading to the school,
maybe to get Oliver or the dog.
Bring in him and the boy immediately.
Remember, belle, the plan is
for us to find Ollie and Sophie
and then...
Go on the lookout for the parents.
I don't get it.
You told this joke already.
It's not a joke. Mr. mills...
- Is a bad, bad man...
- Ollie. Ollie.
You should've seen Ted.
He was awesome.
- Henry!
- First he sat on Mr. mills,
- and then...
- You lost your collar!
Wait, what? You can't hear me?
Oh, let's deal with that later.
We're gonna go watch for mom and dad.
Enough with the talking dogs.
Let's dance.
Okay.
Jj
Hey, Ollie.
Oh, you must be Sophie.
I have heard so much about you.
Mom!
It's okay, Oliver. We all have parents.
Mom's here. Excellent.
Now all we need is dad.
Ollie, this dance is amazing!
Are you sure you wanna go home?
Any moment now, dad's gonna make
his grand entrance,
his hero moment,
his iron man drop-in-from-the-sky,
flying-into-battle,
ready to beat up the bad guys!
Or not.
Jeez, it's tinsel, Lukas, not barbed wire.
Come with me.
Jj
Now!
It's out of our paws now, my friend.
Will you dance with me?
Is that the look?
Bingo! It is. We did it, Ollie.
Jj
Hey. Remember this?
They played this song at our wedding.
Oh, you mean our first dance
as husband and wife?
Nah, I don't remember.
- It wasn't important.
- Oh, stop it. Come here.
Hey. Is everything okay?
Everything's great.
Belle, listen.
I am sorry about the parking ticket
comment the other day.
I sounded like a real dog.
I mean, not a real...
You know what I mean.
- Do you wanna dance?
- Sure.
Remember, belle.
If anyone gives us a hard time,
we're emotional support animals.
Just quickly find an insecure kid
and stand next to them.
Which is basically any kid.
So, thought reader,
what am I thinking now?
You're getting warmer.
What are you doing?
Belle, get Ollie!
Henry! Henry!
Henry!
I got this fool.
- You just cold-cocked Mr. mills.
- I did!
I totally nailed that dude!
- We cool?
- Super cool.
You've got nothing on me! Nothing!
Well, there's something
innocent people yell all the time.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm Bridget Montgomery.
I work for Mr. mills.
I can vouch for this man.
And I can assure you,
you will have plenty on him.
Oh, simple, simple mills.
If only you could think like a genius.
- Bye-bye.
- What's going on here?
- He kidnapped me. It was Mr. mills.
- Ollie, what...?
I'm afraid your son's suspected
of cyber-trespassing, cyber intrusion,
and unauthorized access of an
international communication satellite.
Uh, what? What is that?
- What does that mean?
- You need to come with us.
- Okay.
- Ollie!
Can I play Romeo until you get back
from the big house?
So, Ollie never went
fo any big house.
He went to his own house.
A comfortably-sized house,
where he was sentenced for home detention,
except you stay in your own home
as your punishment.
How cool is that?
It's where you serve your time
for your crime.
It's also where you serve pancakes.
Just a second, Henry.
Pancakes are almost done.
Needless to say, dad turned down
the Springfield university job.
Still drinks his green juice
and he's added biking to his regimen.
Doesn't do any cool jumps
or spins or anything.
But, you know, in dog years,
the guy is 280.
Bet his hair's gonna look great
when he takes off his helmet.
Yup. Look at that beautiful
280-year-old hair.
- What's in that green juice?
- Mom!
- Dad's back! Food's ready.
- Wow, look at this spread.
- Hey, babe.
- Hey, how's the painting going?
- It's good.
- It's going great. She's killing it.
Apparently, I'm killing it.
Like you do.
I've only played games on my switch.
I haven't done anything.
Actually, you have.
Your telepathic technology
is so sophisticated...
We're willing to waive
your cyber-trespassing charges
in exchange for your services this summer.
Seriously?
We're part of a global initiative
to improve the lives of all humans
through technological innovation.
With the help of great minds
like Oliver's.
And Henry's.
Jj
Do you understand me?
- I do.
- Do you... understand me?
I understand you had a chili dog
and some curly fries for lunch.
- Hey, Callen?
- Oh, yeah.
- Callen? Heh.
- Sorry.
May I?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, good.
- Now we're talking. Thank heavens.
- Henry, you're back!
- That whole barking thing is a joke.
- He's talking?
He's talking to the dog.
Are you talking to the dog?
- Can you understand it?
- Yes! I told you, I can hear him.
Oh, my god, he's talking to the dog.
Look at how happy dad is.
How cool is this, right?
Once you've completed basic training
at an undisclosed location...
Hawaii!
- I'm sorry. Come on, it's Hawaii.
- It's fine.
Hawaii? Wait, which island?
You will be awarded with a scholarship
at a university of your choice.
Pick a party school.
What about my parents?
Can they come?
Of course. Everything's been arranged.
- Mom? Dad”? Can we go?
- Can we go?
No. No.
What?
Yeah! Are you kidding me? Hawaii?
Yeah, you can go.
Yeah. Whoa.
Oh, no. Dad's dancing again.
Please make him stop.
Oh, great, he's got a partner.
Make 'em both stop!
Love, family and summer in Hawaii
with my best friend?
What could be better?
Woo-hoo! Hawaii, here we come!
See how good life can be
when you keep it simple?
I mean, look at this family.
Mom and dad,
almost criminally attractive,
out of their rut and deeply in love.
Oliver, safe, happy,
and being recognized
as the budding scientific genius he is.
Me? Still adorable,
and now headed for an island paradise
to make the world a better place
with my best friend.
It kinda makes you wonder
how great could this incredible
planet of ours be
if everyone on it learned
to think like a dog.
Jj